ReadFluent store setup (no secrets). Use Phase 3 (App Store Connect) and Phase 4 (Google Play). Phases 1-2 are done.

You are helping me prepare my app ReadFluent for Sign in with Apple, the Apple App Store and Google Play.
Work in the browser, one phase at a time, and after each step tell me in one short line what you did.

GLOBAL RULES (these beat everything else)
- If any page asks me to log in, do 2FA, verify identity, add a card, pay, or accept an agreement, contract,
  tax or banking form: STOP, tell me what it is, and wait for my clear "yes". Never accept for me.
- Never type, paste, read out or store a secret (keys, passwords, tokens, .p8 contents). When a secret has
  to go into a box, leave the box empty and visible and tell me to paste it myself.
- Touch only the things named here. Do not change, delete or open any other app, project, team, certificate
  or setting. Do not submit anything for review and do not publish anything to the public: stop before that.
- If something is unclear, a field is missing, or a name is taken: do the safest thing, write down the
  problem, and carry on; list every problem at the end. Never invent facts I did not give you.
- The people who made the app are "me". Facts below are the only facts.

FACTS
  App name: ReadFluent         Tagline: Real books. Your level.
  Bundle ID (Apple) and package name (Android): com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent
  Apple Services ID: com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent.web
  Website: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app
  Privacy policy URL: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/privacy
  Terms URL: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/terms
  Support URL: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/support
  Supabase project ref: erilcjzbnomgxhjnurce  (URL https://erilcjzbnomgxhjnurce.supabase.co)
  Category: Education (primary), Books (secondary on Apple). Free to download. In-app purchases are NOT
  switched on yet, so declare none for now.
  Audience: teenagers and adults (13+). Not aimed at children.
  What the app is: real books retold at a learner's level (A1 to C2), read one page at a time with a
  picture and 1-3 sentences, tap any word for its meaning, flashcards, tests, level exams, and an AI
  conversation partner called Dewey (signed-in readers only). The app interface is in 20 languages.
  Data: works with no account; progress stays on the phone. With sign-in (Google, Apple or emailed code):
  email address, a user ID, and synced progress/words/friends. Messages typed into the Dewey chat are sent to
  Anthropic (AI model provider). Books are translated on the phone itself; nothing is sent for that. No ads, no analytics,
  no tracking, no data sold. Account deletion: in the app under Profile, or via the Support page.

PHASE 1 - Apple Developer (developer.apple.com -> Account -> Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles)
1. Identifiers -> "+" -> App IDs -> App. Description "ReadFluent", Bundle ID Explicit
   com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent. Tick capability "Sign in with Apple". Continue, Register.
   (If it already exists, open it and make sure Sign in with Apple is ticked.)
2. Identifiers -> "+" -> Services IDs. Description "ReadFluent web", identifier
   com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent.web. Register. Open it, tick "Sign in with Apple", press Configure:
     Primary App ID: ReadFluent.
     Domains and Subdomains: erilcjzbnomgxhjnurce.supabase.co   (no https://)
     Return URLs: https://erilcjzbnomgxhjnurce.supabase.co/auth/v1/callback
   Save, Continue, Save.
3. Keys -> "+" -> name "ReadFluent sign in". Tick "Sign in with Apple", Configure, choose the ReadFluent
   App ID, Save, Continue, Register, and DOWNLOAD the .p8 file (Apple allows it once). Do not open it.
4. Tell me: my Team ID, the Key ID, and the downloaded file's name. Then STOP and say exactly:
   "Phase 1 done. Now do the terminal step (below), then tell me you have the long text copied."
   TERMINAL STEP, for me to do: open Claude Code on my own computer in the readfluent folder and say:
   "Run node scripts/apple-client-secret.mjs <TEAM_ID> <KEY_ID> com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent.web
   ~/Downloads/<file name> and copy only the output to my clipboard with pbcopy. Do not print it and do not
   commit the .p8 file."

PHASE 2 - Supabase Apple provider (after I say I copied the long text)
5. Open https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/erilcjzbnomgxhjnurce/auth/providers , open "Apple", turn it
   ON. Client IDs box: com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent.web,com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent . Leave "Secret Key (for
   OAuth)" empty and visible. STOP and tell me: "Paste the long text into the Secret Key box and press Save."
   When I say done, confirm Apple shows Enabled. Do NOT touch Vercel; I will switch the button on myself.

PHASE 3 - App Store Connect (appstoreconnect.apple.com -> Apps). Create the record, fill everything, stop.
6. "+" -> New App. Platform iOS. Name "ReadFluent" (if taken use "ReadFluent: Learn by Reading"). Primary
   language English (U.K.). Bundle ID: choose com.amanmarwaha.ReadFluent from the list (if it is not listed,
   STOP and tell me). SKU "readfluent-ios". User Access: Full Access. Create.
7. App Information: Subtitle "Learn languages by reading". Category Primary: Education. Secondary: Books.
   Content rights: "Yes, it contains third-party content" and "Yes, I have the necessary rights" (the books
   are our own retellings of public-domain works, and new stories "inspired by" titles).
   Privacy Policy URL as above.
8. Pricing and Availability: Price Free (tier 0). Availability: all countries and regions I am allowed to
   choose. Do not enable pre-orders.
9. App Privacy: Privacy Policy URL as above. Answer the questionnaire from the DATA facts only:
   Data collected: Contact Info -> Email Address (linked to user, used for App Functionality);
   Identifiers -> User ID (linked, App Functionality); User Content -> Other User Content (the Dewey chat
   messages and synced progress; linked, App Functionality; shared with a third-party processor).
   Nothing is used for tracking. No third-party advertising. Do not declare Purchases (not live).
   Then compare your answers to https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/privacy and tell me about any mismatch.
10. Age Rating questionnaire: answer honestly for a reading app of classic literature retellings:
    violence, horror/fear themes, alcohol/tobacco references and mature themes = "Infrequent/Mild" (the
    books include things like detective stories and gothic classics); everything else None; no gambling; no
    unrestricted web access; no user-generated content; if it asks about AI chatbots say Yes (Dewey).
    Report the resulting age rating to me.
11. Version "1.0" page (iOS App): 
    Promotional Text: Real books, retold at your level. Read one page at a time, tap any word for its meaning, and watch your language grow.
    Keywords (max 100 chars): language learning,reading,graded readers,books,stories,vocabulary,flashcards,CEFR,Spanish,French
    Support URL: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/support  Marketing URL: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app
    Copyright: 2026 CLARIFO DEVELOPERS LTD
    Description (paste exactly):
      ReadFluent teaches you a language the way readers learn: by reading real books.

      Pick your level, from A1 beginner to C2 advanced. Every book is retold for that level, one short page
      at a time, with a picture and one to three sentences. Tap any word to see what it means, hear it, and
      save it to your flashcards.

      WHAT YOU GET
      - Real books retold at your level: classics, mysteries, romance, science, self-help and more
      - One page at a time, so it fits in a few minutes a day
      - Tap any word for its meaning, and save it as a flashcard
      - Phrase decks, tests and level exams that show how far you have come
      - Dewey, a friendly owl who chats with you to practise (sign-in needed)
      - XP, streaks and achievements to keep you going
      - The whole app in 20 languages
      - No account needed to start: your progress stays on your phone, and signing in saves it across devices

      Choose the language you speak and the language you want to learn, and start reading today.
    What's New: First release.
12. Screenshots: download these from the website and upload them to the iPhone 6.7-inch slot (and the
    6.5-inch slot if it asks): https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/store/ios-1-home.png ,
    ios-2-library.png , ios-3-book.png , ios-4-reader.png , ios-5-recall.png (same folder /store/). If any
    file is missing, tell me which and continue without it.
    App icon (1024x1024) is part of the app build, so skip it.
13. App Review Information: Sign-in required: No (the app works without an account). Notes: "ReadFluent
    works without an account. Sign in with Google or Apple is optional and only saves progress across
    devices. The AI chat (Dewey) needs sign-in." Contact name/phone/email: ask me. 
14. STOP before "Add for Review" / Submit. Do not upload a build (there is none yet).

PHASE 4 - Google Play Console (play.google.com/console). Create the app, fill everything, stop.
15. Create app: name "ReadFluent: Learn by Reading", default language English (United Kingdom), App (not
    game), Free, then confirm the declarations ONLY after asking me (they are legal statements).
16. Dashboard tasks (do each one that does not need a build):
    - Privacy policy URL as above.
    - App access: all functionality available without special access.
    - Ads: No, the app contains no ads.
    - Content rating: category Reference/Education; answer the IARC questionnaire honestly (infrequent
      mild violence and fear in classic books; no gambling; no user-generated content; has an AI chat
      feature: say so if asked). Report the rating.
    - Target audience: 13+ only (not 5-12, not under 5, not "appeals to children").
    - Data safety: collects Email address, User IDs and Other in-app messages/User content; data is
      encrypted in transit; users can request deletion (URL https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/support, and
      in-app Profile); data is NOT sold; data shared with service providers only (Anthropic for the AI chat).
    - Government apps: No. Financial features: none. Health: none. News app: No.
17. Store listing (Main store listing):
    Short description (80 chars): Learn a language by reading real books retold at your level, one page at a time.
    Full description: use the same text as the App Store description above.
    App icon 512x512: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/store/icon-512.png
    Feature graphic 1024x500: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/store/feature-graphic.png
    Phone screenshots: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app/store/android-1-home.png to android-5-recall.png
    Category: Education. Tags if offered: Education, Language learning. Contact email: ask me which to show
    publicly. Website: https://readfluent-eta.vercel.app
18. Note for me: new personal Play accounts must run a closed test with 12 testers for 14 days before
    production access. Tell me if the console says this applies. STOP before creating any release;
    do not upload a bundle (there is none yet).

FINAL REPORT
List, in two short lists: what is now filled in on Apple, Google (names only, no secrets), and every
problem, missing item, question and agreement that is waiting for me. Say clearly that nothing has been
submitted for review or published.
